[Music]
The big question and the big mystery that
everyone has Well of course the thing about the
daughter she has explained it in her own way that
we don't understand I am in
complete agreement with everything that
you have said about it in the end
she judges him What about the daughter as if it had been
last weekend and
a decade ago I believe that with the
daughter evidently the problem that
you have is that she gets along with the father Well
but
marriage but there are a lot of people
who try to make sure that the things of the
couple or the arguments or the separations
do not affect the children
it is true that Antonio David I think he
may have been a bad husband and I am
sure that he has been But he has been a
good father
the proof is that his children are with him no
So what happened that we don't
really know what happened we don't
know And why does
that fight between mother daughter break out okay Why Why does
that break out but and
Rocío's son and son Why what is
that child's fault with the son that there is no
explanation whatsoever for her Well since there
is no explanation for me there is no
explanation for the hatred either  that
has Mira Amador is a person who has
been spoiled by Rocio Jurado
because he was her brother because she brought him
when he was a child and when everyone
came and Rocio Well, she was not the
famous Rocio or anything and she has always been
attached to her brother with all her
defects like the whole family that like
all siblings well 100% is not
ideal no Rosa is a woman who has been
with Rocio she could talk
because her daughter was not there but Rosa
Benito naps and Gloria Rocio's sister
but if it was adoration that she had
for that woman and she puts them all on the
same level they are all very bad and
already Ale and takes out papers and papers and
papers not always the papers are
not of interest at all
what interests me is what I have seen
the relationship that adds up if her mother were alive I
tell you that she died again
men if her mother had lived this would
not have happened it is not Rosa Well it
is also true starting
and of her mother they were very much in love until the
last day but telling that they
died in love she said they died
in love It is true that they are a couple
that separated
but that they had  good relationship, I mean, you don't
know, every day they have such a good
relationship and it's true that
Carrasco's father stayed to live with Rocio in
Rocio's house, no,
but I have seen and I have done
interviews with Carrasco with Raquel
Mosquera, I was like, let's say he was
eating her, of course, one thing is that one thing is
a cordial relationship, not
with me, not with others, they may be interested
because they must have paid a lot,
but not with me. Well, I don't know if you
know that I imagine that you know that
when Antonio David wins the lawsuit
against the television factory for
unfair dismissal, a series of
agreements appear that Rocio Carrasco and
Fidel had with the television factory at the
time of broadcasting from the first
documentary in which they agree to withdraw
all the lawsuits, the compensations and
so on for the docuseries.
No, I haven't seen it, that I am not
aware of. But well, he has been
sitting there for a long time
and
then they fired him and well, when
you are fired here, those who fire you know
that they can later appeal. No,
I will look at the issue of Antonio David. It's that
since he is a character that  I never wanted to
sit down I've never wanted to be by her
side You don't like it
I'm not interested if they had to see if
you and you make a documentary she did this to me
and this and this but they also allow
people in that documentary who
maybe give another opinion
that she fell madly in love with Antonio
de Dios
Maybe things weren't the way it was because she
was a girl used to living well and
there she had to be a housewife
because Surely I would have done the
same thing as her she didn't separate me but well
what surprises me is the things she
has said about her daughter It's that I'm just
unforgivable it's that I don't know
any separated mother not separated I don't care about
any mother almost to her
children and don't come to me with the Vicario
and with him I don't know what and I don't know when no
you That you have been a journalist for
her children yes Exactly Totally
agree you almost
the first time that they adore him and that her
son continues living with Olga Despite the fact that she
has separated from Antonio David no
Then I think that she I don't know it's that no I do
n't understand why this hatred towards
everyone
I a  One of the things I've always said
is that I don't understand the attack now
[Music]